hey people welcome to a new one
I have boxing video today
a night light so pretty simple
history and that is one
night light from gv and indeed has this
news was special features it is
not as much a message as you can
somewhere the outlet
which blows all night pointless
this is a night light with several
additional functions to the first one has it
motion detector to the second one
dusk switch and third
two light functions a tail light
function and in front a kind of small
position light the fuller about this
night light I stick this night light
in a socket provides the
Dusk switch for that only
at night that only works if
a certain brightness level
falls below then turns off
here in front of this small position light
on
but you can see that this system
works and how to have a small one
for example, in a corridor after
you can walk and you can see
at least that much you do not
secondly , there is one more here
motion detector registered in it
Motion detector in the radius of the night
Light movement switches the night light
a little something in the back
bigger light with what then leads to it
that one then in the environment of the night light
it lit up a bit better again
becomes
and you can sleep at night if you like
time to toilet or you have to over
just walk the hallway over the
corridor run without any big
turn on lighting and can turn
so to speak his way so we pack
that just happens to have it out here
the packaging
it is tightly welded because of that
I now with a pair of scissors
cut it out and it comes to us
night light in addition to the documents
we have the message here
and here the usual documents like the
like the guarantee the guarantee certificate of
gv and a small user manual
also from gv son is now just times
to look closer at the night light
I'll have a quick look into the camera
the night light is rather on us and we
have up here the front position light
every motion detector every dawn
sensor i'm dealing with here we have
Now the main light is the plug and
here a lever with the switch
We can sustain two modes once
to that is continuous lighting and once
automatic so the sensor and the
We are looking at motion detectors
Just use the device in action
so now I have the
room lighting to a minimum
shut down and we are stuck now
Just put the nightlight here in the
I can go to automatic mode and
then I turn off the light then
to look like the night light
works after we turn the nightlight on
have inserted have come first
a small test phase that is this one
back lighting is only now
a certain amount of time to light up
signal that everything is fine here
is and when the taillight goes out
we can test the night light
so the test went through that is
the night light is now fully in
standard operation switch times the
camera lighting out so seen now
this is now the standard front light
it shines so the standards state
if a certain brightness levels
has been fallen short and now
we can always do the following
just move around in this environment
night light and let's see if that
I realize at all I hope
now just here through the room
and we see right away that's mine
movement registered and give in the
almost fully lit mode thus
then you have enough light in the room around you
actually in every room at night
orientate
the beautiful on the night light it runs
on a LED basis
has an extremely low power consumption
and you have such a nice alternative
especially if you have children or
something similar and you might want to
go to the loo at night alone or on
Toilet that you almost do not
somehow into the darkness
beats and then they stumble somewhere
or something else will break one here
very cheap alternative for everyone
Baumarkt is still around the children
a bit of protection and a bit
to give security even in the night
so that 's it for the small unboxing
and a little test about this gv and
night light and if you have more about
I would like to experience this light below
I'll give you a little link in the video
description set there you still have
some information about this
You can buy the product in
Most German hardware stores and
That's how I come to the end of my life
unboxing videos and things hereby
shot until next time your mark
on youtube